put together a real quick video of cab
light installation after the fact is
just too cold to make a video and
document everything like I should for
y'all but I wanted to show you exactly
what the Harbor Freight lights look like
on an f250 post installation they are
not LED they are bulbs this is an OE
f250 6.4 liter that came with a plug for
the lights but not for no but not the
lights themselves as you can see they're
not quite triangular shaped like for
stock lights they look more like dodge
lights but not as low profile and
they're teardrop they're kind of old
school there is a plug under for an oh
wait under the driver's side
- which you can easily pull out this
panel it's a two wire plug as you can
reach in and what I did is I found with
a multimeter that it got power whenever
you turned on your your headlamps if the
plug got power
I splice into the hot wire there - you
will have to drop your headliner and to
do that all you have to do is there's
two screws underneath here two screws
underneath here you pull that out you
remove the hardware for your visor on
both sides and it's like 36 degrees some
good shake I'm shaking it so cold then
you pull the headliner down it just pops
right down it flexes enough to where you
don't really have to worry about
breaking it and then what I did was I
got up on the roof up here I put masking
tape all along and I will try to include
pictures of that because I did take some
quick pictures of that masking tape all
along this area measured out using the
same size on the other side of the truck
and found the midpoint and for these two
lights you measure 8 inches from Center
to here on both sides been for the third
light or the outside lights measure from
here
Center here twenty point five inches and
then to get your depth right you go from
here to here 3.5 inches back misses this
is at least I don't know eight things
may be different on on other models but
with the o8 at least I know underneath
here is a structural support that runs
and if you go anything less than 3.5
inches back away from the the windshield
rubber you'll be drilling into a support
three holes perlite
I put silicone on the top and bottom of
each screw hole and then there's a screw
a screw in the cap they come with seals
on the top and bottom my SIL silicone
the method of everything don't want any
leaks into a headliner and they look
they look pretty good in my opinion for
ten dollars I had to build my own wire
harness which I had that were already
here so that was no cost to silicone was
no cost because I had that already here
miscellaneous tools like Dremel already
had for deeper in those holes and so now
all you have to do you parking lights or
whatever lights you have on and voila
Sun still up pretty good here as you can
see there those little bulbs are small
but I mean they're plenty going to be
plenty bright I mean there's the stock
bulb in the mirror as you can see it's
it's a larger bulb with intensity is
about the same if not less than the the
roof lights
and they come on and off switch you can
hear this door open with the lights on
there turn them off they go off parking
headlamps and that's that if you have
any questions shoot me a message I'll be
glad to answer any I can again this is
an oft 50 the trickiest thing is just
measuring everything just right and then
finding the right plug underneath the
driver side panel and you got it done
that's it we just bought this truck
yesterday so I already drilled 15 holes
into the roof thanks subscribe if you
want more information we'll keep videos
coming on just different projects around
the house thanks